Update IBU Doc (#306)
openshift-kni/lifecycle-agent: docs/image-based-upgrade.md

## Handling Site Specific Artifacts

In order to optimize the downtime of IBU, the intent is to apply as many artifacts as possible to the seed image.
The applications are considered site specific and are not part of this seed image.

> In addition, there are platform artifacts that are site and OCP version specific so cannot simply backed up and restored.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
In addition, there are platform artifacts that are site and OCP version specific so they cannot simply be backed up and restored.
```

The LCA provides mechanisms to update the target cluster to address the above scenarios.

### Backup and Restore

This is mainly intended for the applications running on the SNO whose artifacts will not change as a result of the OCP version change.
A requirement of IBU is that the application version does not change over the upgrade.

It will also be used for a small number of platform artifacts that will not change over the upgrade (ex. ACM klusterlet).

The OADP operator is used to implement the backup and restore functionality. A configmap(s) is applied to the cluster and
specified by the `oadpContent` field in the [IBU CR](#imagebasedupgrade-cr). This configmap will contain a set of OADP
backup and restore CR. Refer to [backuprestore-with-oadp](backuprestore-with-oadp.md).

### Extra Manifests

The Life Cycle Agent provides a mechanism to apply a set of extra manifests after booting the new OCP version.
This is generally intended for platform configuration that is site specific and could change over OCP releases. It would also be used for new manifests that are only relevant in the new release.

There are two implementations of extra manifests:

> - If the target cluster is integrated with ZTP Gitops, the site specific manifests can be automatically extracted by the operator during the upgrade stage. Manifests with a label of `lca.openshift.io/target-ocp-version: “4.y.x” will be extracted and applied after rebooting to the new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the target cluster is integrated with ZTP GitOps, the site specific manifests can be automatically extracted by the operator during the upgrade stage. Manifests that have the `ran.openshift.io/ztp-deploy-wave` annotation and are labeled with `lca.openshift.io/target-ocp-version: “4.y.x” will be extracted and applied after rebooting to the new version.
```

> - If the target cluster is integrated with ZTP GitOps, the site specific manifests can be automatically extracted by the operator during the upgrade stage. Manifests that have the `ran.openshift.io/ztp-deploy-wave` annotation and are labeled with `lca.openshift.io/target-ocp-version: “4.y.x” will be extracted and applied after rebooting to the new version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If the target cluster is integrated with ZTP GitOps, the site specific manifests can be automatically extracted by the operator during the upgrade stage.
  Manifests that have the `ran.openshift.io/ztp-deploy-wave` annotation and are labeled with `lca.openshift.io/target-ocp-version: “4.y.x” will be extracted and applied after rebooting to the new version.
```

> - If the target cluster is integrated with ZTP GitOps, the site specific manifests can be automatically extracted by the operator during the upgrade stage. Manifests that have the `ran.openshift.io/ztp-deploy-wave` annotation and are labeled with `lca.openshift.io/target-ocp-version: “4.y.x” will be extracted and applied after rebooting to the new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the target cluster is integrated with ZTP GitOps, the site specific manifests can be automatically extracted by the operator during the upgrade stage. 
 Manifests that have the `ran.openshift.io/ztp-deploy-wave` annotation and are labeled with `lca.openshift.io/target-ocp-version: “4.y.x”` will be extracted and applied after rebooting to the new version.
```

Reviewer: Add missing backtick to:
> `lca.openshift.io/target-ocp-version: “4.y.x”`

> - If the target cluster is not integrated with ZTP Gitops the extra manifests can be provided via configmap(s) applied to the cluster. These configmap(s) specified by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the target cluster is not integrated with ZTP GitOps the extra manifests can be provided via configmap(s) applied to the cluster. These configmap(s) specified by the
```

  - Same performance tuning (i.e., reserved CPUs).
- LCA operator must be deployed, version must be compatible with the seed.
- The OADP operator is installed along with a DataProtectionApplication CR. OADP has connectivity to a S3 backend

> - The target cluster must have a dedicated partion configured for `/var/lib/containers`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The target cluster must have a dedicated partition configured for `/var/lib/containers`
```
